Inter-personal level:
1. How many physicians participate in different encounters for every CC patient?
2. what is the role of most visited physician by every CC patient?
3. What is the experience of every physician in years and how many CC patients has each physician encountered?

Organizational-level:
1. What is the MSPB value for every hospital and how many CC patients have had an encounter in each hospital?
2. Which hospitals spend less than the National median for medicare (<1) and how many CC patients have had an encounter in each hospital?
3. What is the experience of every CC physician in years and which hospital is each physician associated with?
4. What is the average experience of all CC physician in years per hospital?

Policy-level:
1. List the people got diagnosed with CC before ACA? (how many/ what percent?)
2. List the people got diagnosed with CC after ACA? (how many/ what percent?)
3. List the people got diagnosed with CC before BCCPTA? (how many/ what percent?)
4. List the people got diagnosed with CC after BCCPTA? (how many/ what percent?)

Community-level:
1. What is the smoking prevalence in every MMSA region and how many CC patients live in each region?
2. What is the drinking prevalence in every MMSA region and how many CC patients live in each region?
3. How many hospitals are present in every 3-digit zip region and how many CC patients live in each region?
4. How many physicians are present in every 3-digit zip region and how many CC patients live in each region?

Individual-level:
1. List the CC patients who use tobacco? (what percent?)
2. List the CC patients who have abnormal BP? (what percent?)
3. What is the age at diagnosis of each CC patient?
4. List the CC patients who did not have a medical insurance for their encounters. (What percent?)
5. What is the biological sex of each CC patient?
6. What is the sexual orientation of each CC patient?
7. What is the gender of each CC patient?
8. List the CC patients who have abnormal BMI. (What percent?)
9. List the ethnicity of each CC patient? (what percent of Hispanic and non-Hispanic?)
10. List the CC patients who have also had a diagnosis of HIV. (what percent?)
11. List the CC patients who have also had a diagnosis of HPV. (what percent?)
12. What is the race of each CC patient?
